Release 4.1.2 (#4168)
wasmerio/wasmer: CHANGELOG.md

## **Unreleased**

## 4.1.2 - 21/08/2023

> Another maintenance release, bringging some network improvement, and centralising all wasmer cache under the same folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another maintenance release, bringing some networking improvements, and centralising all wasmer caches under the same folder.

```
